`Development`: Add assessment documentation (#5483)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/user/exercises/assessment.rst

.. _assessment:

Assessment
==========

.. contents:: Content of this document
    :local:
    :depth: 2

Overview
--------

Artemis offers three different modes of exercise assessment:

- **Manual:** Tutors must manually grade the submissions of students.
- **Automatic:** Artemis automatically grades the submissions of students.

> - **Semi-Automatic:** Artemis automatically grades the submissions of students, but the tutors manually grade all submissions afterward.

Reviewer: Not sure about the exact formulation, but I think this sentence should be more clear. 
```suggestion
- **Semi-Automatic:** Artemis provides an automatic starting point for the tutors to manually improve the grading afterward.
```

> Manual assessment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manual Assessment
```

Assessment Dashboard
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To keep track of the manual assessments, Artemis offers the assessment dashboard.
It shows the assessment progress of each exercise by showing the state of the exercise, the total number of submissions, the number of submissions that have been assessed, and the number of complaints and more feedback requests.
It also shows the average rating the students have given to each exercise.

    .. figure:: assessment/assessment_dashboard.png
        :alt: A picture of the assessment dashboard (of an exam)
        :align: center

Artemis also offers a way for instructors to monitor the tutors' assessments. The first part of this is the tutor leaderboard, which is visible to all tutors. The tutor leaderboard shows the number of assessments each tutor has done and the amount of more feedback requests and accepted complaints about them.
It also shows the average score the tutor has given and the average rating they received for their assessments.

Each exercise also has its own assessment dashboard that shows all of this information for a single exercise.

> Automatic assessment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic Assessment
```

.. _assessment:

Assessment
==========

.. contents:: Content of this document
    :local:
    :depth: 2

Overview
--------

Artemis offers three different modes of exercise assessment:

- **Manual:** Tutors must manually grade the submissions of students.
- **Automatic:** Artemis automatically grades the submissions of students.

> - **Semi-Automatic:** Artemis automatically grades students' submissions, but the tutors manually grade all submissions afterward.

Reviewer 2: Be consistent with the previous definitions:

```suggestion
- **Semi-Automatic:** Artemis automatically grades the submissions of students, but the tutors manually grade all submissions afterward.
```

Manual assessment
-----------------

Manual assessment is available for all exercise types except quiz exercises.
The manual assessment begins after the deadline of an exercise has passed for all students and is double-blind. This means that the tutors do not know the names of the students they assess, and the students do not know the identity of the tutors.

Instructors can use the assessment training process to make the grading more consistent. The assessment training process is a series of example submissions and assessments defined by the instructor, which the tutors must first read through.

Students have the option to rate the assessments of the tutors. They can also complain or ask for more feedback.

> Assessment dashboard

Reviewer: Also change the other headings.
```suggestion
Assessment Dashboard
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To keep track of the manual assessments, Artemis offers the assessment dashboard.

> The assessment dashboard shows the assessment progress of each exercise by showing the state of the exercise, the total number of submissions, the number of submissions that have been assessed, and the number of complaints and more feedback requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It shows the assessment progress of each exercise by showing the state of the exercise, the total number of submissions, the number of submissions that have been assessed, and the number of complaints and more feedback requests.
```

Automatic assessment
--------------------

Automatic assessment is available for programming and quiz exercises.
For quiz exercises this is the only mode of assessment available. Artemis automatically grades students' submissions after the quiz deadline has passed. See the section about :ref:`quiz` for more information about this.

For programming exercises, this is done via instructor-written test cases that are run for each submission either during or after the deadline. See the section about :ref:`programming` for detailed information about this.
Instructors can enable complaints for automatically graded programming exercises.

Complaints
----------

After receiving an assessment, students can complain once about the assessment of an exercise if the instructor enabled this option and the students think the assessment is erroneous.
The student has to write an additional text when submitting a complaint to justify the reevaluation.
    .. figure:: assessment/complaint.png
            :alt: The student complains about the assessment of an exercise
            :align: center

> A complaint leads to a reevaluation of the submission by another tutor. This tutor sees the existing submission and the complaint reason. The tutor can then either accept the complaint or reject it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A complaint leads to a reevaluation of the submission by another tutor. This tutor sees the existing assessment and the complaint reason. The tutor can then either accept or reject the complaint.
```

> If the tutor accepts the complaint, they can modify the assessment's score.
> If the tutor rejects the complaint, they cannot do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only if the tutor accepts the complaint, they can modify the assessment's score.
```
